this episode of a list is brought to you
by Fresh Step extreme lightweight litter
[Music]
poop rituals we all have them I mean I
like to read a magazine on the toilet so
sue me and these five animals have poop
rituals to check them out number one
dogs have you ever seen a dog spin in a
circle before pooping why do they do
that they're so weird well in 2014
scientists finally figured out that dogs
can sense the Earth's magnetic field and
they prefer to poop in alignment with
the north-south axis why would this
matter well scientists still don't know
but apparently dogs are very sensitive
to geometric conditions
number two floss floss our poop shy they
only poop once a week slots move slowly
and likewise have extremely slow
metabolisms when they do feel that urge
to defecate they don't just do it
anywhere no no they climb down to the
forest floor and poop at the base of
their favorite tree this allows the moss
living on their back to lay their eggs
in the poop and not lose track of the
slot number three penguins penguins like
to keep their shelter very tidy that's
why they shoot their poo away from the
nest at a pressure of 600 grams per
square centimetre that is six times
greater than a human's pooping power the
scientists who chose to study this weird
phenomenon got an ignoble award in 2005
an award for bizarre science number four
storks when stork stands still in the
Sun looking for fish their legs can get
hot to help their body thermo regulate
they urinate and defecate on their
exposed legs the excretions evaporate
and help cool the legs also the urine
crystallizes to a white color which
reflects sun rays number five cats large
dominant felines like lions and tigers
leave their poo out in the open to mark
their territory but smaller cats will
bury their feces as a sign of submission
to the bigger cats basically I'm telling
you if your pet cat does not bury its
poop in the litter box he or she does
not have any respect for you do a poop
ritual of your own comment below and
check out this animals episode on the
top three dog rescues of 2014 this
episode of a list was brought to you by
Fresh Step introducing new Fresh Step
extreme lightweight litter the best odor
control in light weight litter
guaranteed 30% lighter easier to lift
carry in poor
you